---
layout: post
title: 2021
subtitle: .. another year
tags: [2021]
fb-img: https://gyani.net/img/blog/monkey.png
---

Ok, 2021 ended. I realized I didn't blog in November or December. Wonder what happened. I think I didn't do very well in October on any of these goals and the last two months got busy. Anyhow, lets reflect

## Retrospective October

1. **Running**: I don't think I finished the running goal. I'll mark that as a loss for October ❌

2. **Reading**: I did finish Bullshit Jobs. ✅

3. **Weight:**: I don't think I met the weight goal. ❌

Donation: My payment failed but the money got deducted. Will get back to this after talking to the bank.

## Retrospective November / December / 2021

1. **Running**: I ran 1980k according to Strava and about 2025k according to Nike. I wanted to run 2000k total in 2021. I couldn't run the last week of 2021 as I got struck by COVID but I am happy about my running in November / December. December was full of Central Park runs as I live like 10 minutes from it now. ✅

2. **Reading**: I read the Life of Pi in December. Good book. I wanted to read a book a month, I think I did manage about 11 books. Maybe I should manage Goodreads or something. November was the book less month. ✅

3. **Swimming**: I wanted to learn how to swim properly. I didn't do this. I should just get a coach and do this in 2022. ❌

4. **Martial Arts**: I thought I'd do this but I dropped it early in the year in favor of running. Running 2000k requires constant effort. I'd not put a cross here but ⏸️ 

5. **Mindfulness**: I didn't meditate. I will do that on a daily basis starting today. ❌

6. **Running Marathon**: I thought I'd run a Marathon in November, but some other things took priority and this didn't happen. ❌


## 2022

I'm still figuring out what 2022 should look like, I should have reflected more, but here's some ideas

1. I want to make more mistakes

2. I want to explore

3. I want to build better / deeper friendships. I want to do a better job of reaching out to people & talking to people.

4. I want to read 

5. I will definitely be running but I'll add in some gym or boxing. Might surf, more on that later.

6. I want to learn to swim

Above was written on the 2nd of January, I continue writing on the 12th below.

## 2022 Yearly Goals

1. **Running** : Run 1000km, a half marathon, maybe a full marathon

2. **Reading** : 1 book a month minimum

3. **Aquaman** : 2022 is the year when I am comfortable in water. For sure. I'll improve as a swimmer, take classes if I have to and may pick up surfing.

4. **Make Mistakes / Explore**: I don't have metrics for this but I have ideas. Will write about this soon.


## January

I have just run 7k so far. I'm lazying and eating crap. I think I need goals to get stuff done. So :-

1. **Running**: Run 100k, 93 left. $50 fine otherwise.

2. **Reading**: Finish reading "Einstein His Life and The Universe"

3. **Weight**: I don't have a weighing machine since I moved. I'll buy one today. Its a great investment. I'll get one from Target today and update my weight first thing tomorrow morning and have a weight goal.