---
layout: post
title: July
subtitle: .. June was alright
tags: [fat, fit, life]
fb-img: https://gyani.net/img/blog/monkey.png
---

# Review of June

**Running** - Instead of running 10k every other day in Gurgaon; I ran 5k every day as I could run only around the society and that got boring too quickly. Still got the miles. While in London my running was semi regular. As promissed I did run a 30k and I also ran a 22k on the remaining weekend after coming back from India. Overall I consider this a net draw. I am happy about the long runs but I could have run more still. ❌

**Lifting** - I had signed up for a gym in India. I did a lot of StrongLifts when I came back to. Happy to report this as a win. ✅

**Reading** - I wanted to finish `Wandering Earth`. Half way in to the book I realized I had finished `Wandering Earth` a long time ago and the remainder of what I was reading were other disconnected stories. At the 60% mark I left the other stories and started listening to `Endure` by Cameron Hanes instead. Got done with 80% of that book. This one feels like a win. ✅

**Weight** - Weighed in at 64.x after the 30k on the 29th of June. On the 30th I was away so I couldn't measure. ✅


# July

I will be in London. I will have family around. On some weekends I will be travelling but I will have at least one of the two days to go for a long run!

**Running** - 10k every other day. At least half marathons on the weekends. Would love to hit 36k on some weekend. Can settle for 33k.

**Lifting** - StrongLifts every other day that I am not running.

**Reading** - I want to finish Endure as I just have 20% left. I want to pickup and finish another book. I have Meditations by Marcus Aurelius on my list but might opt for something easier.

**Weight** - I want to be 63.x. I will have a penalty if I measure more than 65.x.
